Update hyperloglog with bucket guidance (#1199)
timescale/docs: api/hyperloglog.md

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|

> |buckets|integer|Number of buckets in the digest. Rounded up to the next power of 2, must be between 16 and 2^18, values less than 1024 are not recommended.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|buckets|integer|Number of buckets in the digest. Rounded up to the next power of 2. Must be between 16 and 2^18, values less than 1024 are not recommended.|
```

|value|AnyElement| Column to count distinct elements. The type must have an extended, 64-bit, hash function.|

Increasing the `buckets` argument usually provides more accuracy at the expense

> of more storage.  Note that as a probabilistic algorithm, hyperloglog will work
> best on datasets with cardinality in at least the tens of thousands, but should
> also be fairly accurate when the number of buckets exceeds the cardinality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of more storage.  Because hyperloglog is a probabilistic algorithm, it works
best on datasets that have many distinct values: at least tens of thousands. But it should
be fairly accurate so long as you have more buckets than distinct values.
```
